c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.deps.json
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.dll
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.pdb
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.Views.dll
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.Views.pdb
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.Views.pdb
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.dll
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.pdb
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Calendar.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\SopiiTaiEi1.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wakil\source\repos\SopiiTaiEi v1\SopiiTaiEi v1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
